And here is our hierarchical clustering results obtained in our.
So let's have a closer look at these Custers and understand what they are.
Our first cluster is close to one which is the blue cluster right here and it contains the customers
that have high income and high spending score.
So that's an interesting cluster for them all because customers in this cluster have a high income and
spend a lot of money in the mall.
So this cluster would be a good target of the mall marketing campaigns.
And so we can call this cluster the target one.
OK now cluster to constitute contains the customers that have high income and low spending score.
And so we can call these customers to careful customers.
Now cluster three customers in this cluster have average income and average spending score.
So we call this cluster standard cluster.
Now cluster forecaster for the customers that have low income and low spending score.
So that's basically sensable customers who pay attention to the money they spend.
By paying attention to the money they earn and eventually close to 5 contains the customers that have
low income but high spending score.
So these are customers who are rather careless especially the 119 and customer here who earns a low
income but spends a lot of money.
So this one should particularly be careful.
And actually this cluster five here could be a very interesting cluster for the market.
If the latter has a social responsibility as it is the case for more and more companies today.
All right so we are done with hierarchical clustering in our if you want to reuse this code for your
business problem it's very easy you just have to change the name of the data set here then change the
indexes of your columns of interest just below.
However if you do clustering in more than two dimensions don't execute the last section visualizing
the clusters because it's only for two dimensions but don't delete the section and leave it as comments
because later in this course we will learn a super powerful technique called dimensionality reduction
that will reduce the dimensions of your data to perhaps two dimensions so that you can use this final
section visualizing the clusters to see your clusters in two dimensions.
All right so that's the end of hierarchical clustering in our.
And that's also the end of hierarchical clustering and then the next section we will recap everything
we've learned in clustering.
Thank you for watching this tutorial.
I hope you are now more comfortable with doing clustering in our or Python.
I look forward to seeing you in the next tutorials.
And until then happy clustering